Formalizing Kelley-Morse Set Theory.

Kelley-Morse Set Theory is a theory of sets and classes that can 
serve as a foundation of mathematics. It is presented rather formally
as a sequence of ca. 190 numbered Axioms, Definitions and Theorems 
in the appendix of "General Topology" of Kelley. The formal
basis ("ontology" of the current SAD3 system is close to 
Kelley-Morse Set Theory.
This suggests to formalize the appendix in SAD3.

The text at hand poses some difficulties but it should eventually be
possible to parse large parts of the axioms, definions and theorems
verbatim. For complexity reasons it seems necessary to make some
ontological changes to the text. Sets are defined in terms of classes,
ordered pairs are complicated compositions of set operations.
We have postulated objects, sets and classes. Classes are collections of
objects; sets are classes that are objects themselves;
ordered pairs of objects are objects. Other unstructured mathematical
objects like elements of algebraic structures could be coded as objects.
On the other hand, certain general operations will only be defined on
objects, since we do not need ordered sets of classes.

After that relations and functions can be defined as classes of
ordered pairs. 

The formalization runs smoothly on the complete text until the
characteristic property of ordered pairs. Most claims can be checked 
fully automatically. One can get further by
thinning out the sets of premises for the proof checking process.
I.e., later sections may only have a proper subset of the
previous document as fundamental material.

There are several tasks:

- Continue the formalization, adding proofs to the document
  if necessary.
- Pushing through the whole document by brute force, possibly
  using Vampire instead of Eprover.
- LaTeX-input filtering or parsing.
- Structuring the document like the original.
- Extending ForTheL by the argumentative figures used in the original
  so that the Kelley formulations are part of ForTheL.
- Experiments with varying the text and/or ForTheL
- ...

Suggest project to Ayers, Frerix, Koepke for presentation/publication.
Ayers will be at Bonn 29/10 - 11/11/18.

Meetings of interest: Barcelona, Erlangen, Cambridge

